(Home page, main paragraph) 
Welcome to Studio Cirque! At our studio, you will learn the
art cirque and discover the magic of cirque. Behind each
and every one of our performances, you will see hours of dedicated
practice, extreme levels of determination, and intense self-discipline. 

Our highly skilled and trained instructors will not only teach you
the basics of cirque and gymnastics (movement, balance, rhythm, 
strenght, tumbling), but they will also develop your ability 
to communicate with others and your ability to strive for your goals. 
Our instructors will guide you through moments where something 
seems impossible to achieve, until one day it becomes possible.  

Studio Cirque invites you to discover the magic behind cirque, an experience and community that you will remember for years to come.
We offer various classes at various levels, from recreational classes to elite performance teams. If time is short, check out one of our summer camp programs!
3 boxes content: 
1. Teams  Show Team Youth Elite Junior Elite Tiny Elite
2. Additions: Private Lessons, Team Building, Performances, Parties, Space Rentals
3. Owner and founder: Savhannah Critteden Since 2017 


SCHEDULE

Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
4 AM - 6 PM Show team Tiny Elite Youth Elite Tiny Elite Show team
4 AM - 6 PM Tiny Elite Show team Junior Elite Junior Elite Special Classes
4 AM - 6 PM Junior Elite Junior Elite Show team Show team Youth Elite
4 AM - 6 PM Special classes Youth Elite Tiny Elite Open gym Special classes
                        
(TEAMS Page)
Additional classes:Juggling Class,Handstand Class, Aerial Class
Tumbling Class, Open Gym
Open gym: Open gym is a time where all Studio Cirque athletes are
Show team: Tuesday 6 PM -7 PM welcome to come and work on skills for a drop-in fee.
All non-members are welcome to use this as a time
to come check out our space and meet some of our coaches.
Show team is a one hour time slot where dreams truly do come alive. This will allow chosen athletes to explore their Cirque characters and bring their talents
to the stage. This will be our creation time to create all of our wonderful shows and 
performances. 

Junior Elite: Monody, Wednesday, Thursday  5PM -7 PM Junior Elite is by audition only, a team that focuses on building next level
Cirque artists that are active members of their community. We strive to inspire
all of our athletes to be dedicated to success both in and out of the gym. This team performs around Ontario in many different venues learning how to
perform in different settings, work as a team and be adaptable to change. 

Youth Elite: Tuesday 7 PM – 8 PM  Youth Elite is by audition only, a team that focuses on building young, next
level Cirque artists. This is a focus group for talented youth under 10 years of age. We work all cirque disciplines, inspiring their progressions at such
a crucial age of development.
Tine Elite: Tuesday 5 PM -6 PMTiny Elite is the perfect class for your energetic 6 to 10 year old. Our class 
focuses on developing motor skills, increasing body awareness and learning
the basics of Cirque technique - setting them up for a lifetime of athletic success
in any given sport.

(ADITTIONS page Page)
Private lessons.
With the focus on the needs and goals of the individual
athlete, private lessons provide a one-on-one environment
to allow your athlete the greatest opportunity
for improvment. CONTACT

Team build
Teams will be given the opportunity to learn the basics of cirque and support
each other in trying new activities. All activities are made in order to facilitate
growth in problem-solving, planning, and working together. CONTACT

Performances
Are you looking for a little extra flare at your event? We've got just the solution!
Our elite teams work alongside our Studio Director to create a performance to suit
your event. CONTACT

Parties
Make your child's party one they and their friends will never forget! Book their
birthday or special event with us for a fun and unique day. Guests will have
the opportunity to try Cirque basics as well as participate in some fun games---------------facilitated by certified coaches. CONTACT

Space Rental.
f you're in town and need a world-class facility to rehearse your acts or upgrade
your training contact us! CONTACT


(EVENTS Page)
CHRISTMAS SHOW
“SNOWHITE’
December 17 and 18
2020
(REGESTRATION)
(CONTACT)
RESISTRATION
FOR SUMMER CAMP OPEN
January 2 and 9
2021
AUDITIONS FOR SUMMER 
SHOW “MOANA”
January 8 and 9
2021

 Conract form
Contact Us Today!
First name: 
Last name: 
Phone number: 
Email: 
Date of event: 
Message: 
Please Indicate Service:
Number of people at the event:  

Registration form
First name: 
Last name: 
Phone number: 
Email: 
Date of birth: 
Message: 
Your Program:  
 Previous expirience (Check all that apply):
 gymnastics  dance  other

519-200-5399
1350 Trafalgar ST, London
Ontario N5W1W6
studiocirquelondon@gmail.com





